hello today it should be a review of
go to a foundation brush and that
it is the da Vinci
foundation and cream rouge brush
I got the winter sent
thank you very much the da Vinci team
are really very nice people
and i have very nice e mail contact
and yes thank you for that
brush that I was allowed to test like
said it is the glue and
foundation brush this is the 97 70 and
I have this for several weeks now
tested and I really like it
very good what I noticed he is
very very small so in comparison now
for example, to her by the minister
pretty little bear is very good in the
hand
first tied and bevelled one
able to see
it is synthetic and
I filmed you like I did
Apply my date with the brush
it really makes a very natural
result and you get wonderful everywhere
out here leaves the nose to the eyes
really very nice
and gives a super natural
immaculate finish
and you can just make it foundation or
use cream
I'm just looking I would have one
a few things written down on the
homepage stands streak-free
from liquid butter creamy foundation
and that he is so oblique and so
Adjusts wonderfully to the facial shape
it costs 29 95
but I have seen at Amazon
also get the link for 25 euros
I can gladly make you the infobox
and what I noticed directly is
that he could possibly be a ewf
also the sail foundation brush the
just very very secret on youtube
which presented a test and me
I do not have the ski sale but he has
It reminds me very much and he
I really like him
handmade and germany
of course the homepage infobox there
can you do a little something?
read on there are also other great
Brush from formal need to stop
brush this cosmetics and as I said
I filmed you like me
Refueled and you can also cream
are also wonderful to apply that
I also filmed
works fine is very soft
And now he can wash himself, too
has not lost a single hair than me
I have washed it and yes I can
in any case an absolute recommendation for
you can give this winter yes
take a look or consider if that
maybe an alternative to the ski
I would have such a slope island
such a foundation if you still have
not in this form i just stop
such round shapes and also a lot
longer
and how do you really like the result?
very very good is not at all
often but really very even
and wonderful and that's why it's one
recommendation from me and I hope you
liked the video and until the
next time bye